Make WebTransport resets reliable (#151)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http3: draft-ietf-webtrans-http3.md

transport parameter with a value greater than 0 (see {{Section 3
of !QUIC-DATAGRAM=RFC9221}}).

WebTransport over HTTP/3 relies on the RESET_STREAM_AT frame defined in
{{!RESET-STREAM-AT=I-D.ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset}}.  To indicate support,

> both the client and the server MUST enable the extension as described in {{Section 3 of RESET-STREAM-AT}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both the client and the server MUST enable the extension as described 
in {{Section 3 of RESET-STREAM-AT}}.
```

transport parameter with a value greater than 0 (see {{Section 3
of !QUIC-DATAGRAM=RFC9221}}).

WebTransport over HTTP/3 relies on the RESET_STREAM_AT frame defined in
{{!RESET-STREAM-AT=I-D.ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset}}.  To indicate support,

> both the client and the server MUST send a reliable_stream_reset transport
> parameter as defined in {{Section 3 of RESET-STREAM-AT}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
both the client and the server MUST enable the extension as described in {{Section 3 of RESET-STREAM-AT}}.
```

WebTransport data streams are associated with sessions through a header at the
beginning of the stream; resetting a stream may result in that data being
discarded.  Because of that, WebTransport implementations MUST use the

> RESET_STREAM_AT frame {{RESET-STREAM-AT}} when resetting WebTransport data

Reviewer 3: 'MUST use' ... how?

streams to ensure that the stream header containing the associated WebTransport

> session ID is always delivered.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion (GitHub doesn't allow me to mark this a suggestion since it covers unchanged lines):
> WebTransport data streams are associated with sessions through a header at the
beginning of the stream; resetting a stream might result in that data being
discarded when using a RESET_STREAM frame.
> To prevent this, WebTransport implementations MUST use the RESET_STREAM_AT frame {{RESET-STREAM-AT}} with a Reliable Size set to at least the size of the header when resetting WebTransport data. This ensure that the stream header containing the associated WebTransport session ID is always delivered.

Author: Thanks! Adopted this with a few modifications.
